Invite Colleagues to Edit your Guiddes
Click here to watch
Quick guidde
Easily share your guide with anyone and invite them to edit or view, keeping your team aligned and your content up to date. Let’s see how.
Go to stg.guidde.com
1. Share from Homepage
From your homepage, click the three dots on your guide, then select “Share” from the opened menu.
Share from Homepage
2. Share from View Page
Or share from the video's view page, on the upper right.
Share from View Page
3. Share Modal
In the opened menu, you can add viewers or invite someone to edit your guide.
Share Modal
4. Add People with Aceess
Start typing a members name. If they’re in your workspace, the auto-suggest will show them. Click their name to select.
Add People with Aceess
5. Open Permission Settings
In the permission dropdown on the right, you canset the user’s access level.
Open Permission Settings
6. Set Access
As a viewer or editor
Set Access
7. Viewer
Viewers can watch your guide, unless their workspace role gives them editing rights.
Viewer
8. Editor
Editors can make changes, even if they’re not content-managers on your plan.
Editor
9. Add a Message
You can add a brief message if you like
Add a Message
10. Share Invitation
And click Share once you're ready.
Share Invitation
11. Email Notification
Your collaborator will receive an email invitation
Email Notification
12. Click Open Guidde
And they can simply click the link to access the guide
Click Open Guidde
13. Admins can Add External Users
Admins can also invite collaborators outside of your workspace to view or edit a guide.
Admins can Add External Users
14. Add Email and Click Enter
Once you’ve entered an email, click the input field and press Enter.
Add Email and Click Enter
15. Select Access Permission
A menu will appear where you can set the invite access to viewer or editor.
Select Access Permission
16. Add a Message
Personalize the invitationwith a message if you like!
Add a Message
17. Click Share
And click "Share"
Click Share
18. Confirm Sharing Outside Your Workspace
A popup will ask if you want to share access outside your workspace. Click “Share Anyway” to confirm.
Confirm Sharing Outside Your Workspace
19. Invite to Edit - Email
Your collaborator will receive an email invitation. They can simply click Open guide to access it.
Invite to Edit - Email
20. View or Edit the Guidde
The guide opens in a new tab, where they can watch the video or access the editor.
View or Edit the Guidde
21. Edit the Guidde
In the video editor, they can make the edits they wish.
Edit the Guidde
22. Click Done
And click done when finished, to finalize the guide.
Click Done
23. Your guidde is ready
Your guide will be saved with the changes, along with a step-by-step article below.
Your guidde is ready
24. Review People with Access
You can always see who has access to a guide by clicking share, under People with access.
Review People with Access
25. Click for More Info
Click into any profile image to see each added user's access level
Click for More Info
26. Change / Remove Access
And change or remove it as needed.
Change / Remove Access
27. Pro Tip: Use Version History!
For a detailed view of who edited a guidde, on the enterprise plan, you can click the three dots at the top right in the video editor, and access version history.
Pro Tip: Use Version History!
28. version history
Here, you’ll see a detailed history of your guide, including who published each version and when, making it easy for creators to keep track.
version history
That’s it! Inviting others to edit makes it easy to share your guides and collaborate with anyone who needs access, so your content stays accurate, aligned, and up to date. Give it a try!
Powered by guidde